Update account-email-settings.mdx (#17402)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/accounts/accounts/account-maintenance/account-email-settings.mdx

To change your email address: from the [user menu](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/general-account-settings/intro-account-settings), click <DoNotTranslate>**User preferences**</DoNotTranslate>, and click <DoNotTranslate>**Email**</DoNotTranslate>.

> #### New Relic user email addresses have to the following restrictions: 
> 
>   * Alphanumeric characters (A-Z, a-z, 0-9)
> 
>   * dots, dashs, underscores, plus sign characters (.-_+)
> 
>   * Must be less than 255 characters
> 
> 
> - must be less than 255 characters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New Relic user email addresses have to the following restrictions: 

* Characters: Must be composed of letters (a-z, A-Z), numbers (0-9), and special characters including periods (.), dashes (-), underscores (_), and plus signs (+).
* Length: Limited to a maximum of 255 characters.

- must be less than 255 characters
```
